---
title: "About Me"
bg: white     #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#010101'
color: black  #text color
style: center
---

# Clay Curtis :: Network Engineer

Clay Curtis began his IT career in High School at the direction of a teacher and mentor that introduced him to computers and networking.  Clay cut his teeth building the school's computer network from the ground up and attending a four-semester Cisco networking course offered at the high school.  He then went on to The University of Florida and received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration - Decision and Information Sciences which is now known as a major in Information Systems.  This supplied Clay with the technical knowledge to make crucial, strategic information technology decisions.

After completing his bachelor's degree, Clay was hired by Bright House Networks as a network administrator.  At his time there he has progressed into a role in Enterprise IT.  Responsible for design and management of business critical applications for the enterprise.  He also managed the Cisco Telepresence videoconferencing system for Bright House Networks.

Clay is now a part of the Presidio team working with enterprise customers to design and implement complex network and security infrastructure for their clients.

Clay is a subject matter expert in many areas including switching and routing protocols, TCP, UDP, OSPF, BGP, IPv6 and other various application layer protocols such as FTP, MS-RPC, NTLM, etc.

Recent Technical Accomplishments:
-Built private PKI infrastructure
-Implemented Overlay Transport Virtualization (OTV)
-Implemented Blue Coat Forward Proxy and Caching Engine.
-Implemented numerous clusters of F5 load balancers.
-Led numerous projects relating to PCI compliance.
-Built email relay cluster servicing hundreds of thousands of emails per week.
-Built dual-stack IPv4/IPv6 network.
